Make explicit the use of the parameter `GITHUB_TOKEN` when use `create_release` (#420)
wordpress-mobile/release-toolkit: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking Changes

> - Deprecate the use of `GHHELPER_ACCESS` in favor of `GITHUB_TOKEN` as the default environment variable to set the GitHub API token. [#420]

Reviewer: Nitpick. "_Deprecate_" implies that the use is discouraged, but still allowed. If I read it correctly, this PR removes `GHHELPER_ACCESS` entirely, which is why it's correctly listed in the "Breaking Changes" section.

```suggestion
- Remove the use of `GHHELPER_ACCESS` in favor of `GITHUB_TOKEN` as the default environment variable to set the GitHub API token. [#420]
```

Reviewer 2: Alternative: "Removed support for the deprecated `GHHELPER_ACCESS` in favor of…" (since it was kinda already deprecated a while ago — by being documented in comments at least that one should not use it anymore — before this change that finally officially removed it)

> - The `github_client:` parameter (aka `ConfigItem`) is now mandatory for all Fastlane actions that use the GitHub API. [#420]

Reviewer 2: - Typo fix
 - Adjusting wording, as in practice, many clients won't provide `github_token: …` as part of the parameters used in their call sites and will instead just rely on `GITHUB_TOKEN` env var being set (e.g. [this call site](https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-Android/blob/trunk/fastlane/lanes/build.rb#L279-L284) won't require any change for it to continue working)

```suggestion
- The `github_token:` parameter (aka `ConfigItem`)–or using the corresponding `GITHUB_TOKEN` env var to provide it a value–is now mandatory for all Fastlane actions that use the GitHub API. [#420]
```

---

PS: Btw, one good news to note is that, despite those items indeed being "breaking changes" (for any call site of any of those actions that relied on `GHHELPER_ACCESS` env var instead of `GITHUB_TOKEN`, and/or for call sites of `comment_on_pr` that used `access_token:` parameter explicitly), in practice I doubt that many client app relied on any of those, because most of our client apps and CI rely on the `GITHUB_TOKEN` env var already (as opposed to `access_token:` param or deprecated `GHHELPER_ACCESS` env var) to provide the token, which is something that will continue working as before.

So while this is correct for those changes to be under "Breaking Changes", the good news is in practice most clients will have nothing to do to adopt it 🙂 🎉

> - The Fastlane action `CommentOnPrAction` has the parameter `access_key:` replaced by `github_token:`. [#420]

Reviewer 2: 💄  Nitpick: Since the consumers/users of the `release-toolkit` (i.e. all our client repos that use it as a Fastlane plugin) might not know of the details of the class names used to define those actions, I'd suggest to use the name of the action as one [would use it in their `Fastfile`](https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/WordPress-iOS/blob/trunk/fastlane/lanes/build.rb#L399-L404) — i.e. `comment_on_pr` — here, instead of using the class name `CommentOnPrAction`
